You are here.
I'm here to ask for money. wife,
Tell me the good news. What good news.
I have reported half a million. We can get married.
Rich people really know how to play. This is what it is,
Oh, ask my wife, do you feel unhappy?
Five hundred thousand, what are you so worried about?
Wife, are you encountering any problems at work?
Oops, why are you asking? You can't help me.
Then tell me, is that Qin Xiunan talking about courage?
She said you want to divorce me
Don't you have such a small heart?
It's time to take care of you
This is a depressing thing about you
Do you want to make it easier?
Invite her to be polite to the Japanese soldiers
You are for your thirty million
Worry about Lianyuan’s loan?
I'm in charge, that's all
thank you so much
I heard it with my own eyes